hey everybody i taste another brown dog
and today i thought i'd show you some of
my polymer clay creations I don't make
polymer clay creations that much anymore
because I don't have any more clay but
once I go to the store and buy more clay
I'll be able to make some and probably
make some tutorials but I don't know so
i'm going to show you all of them and i
use the bankbook kind of clay but i
haven't glazed any of them yet so here
all the create all my creations some of
them i lost some of them are pretty bad
because it was my first time but yeah
i'm going to show them to you guys so
here are my four lollipops these were
really bad because this is like one of
my second or third creations this one is
like a Christmas lollipop this one is
just like a random color lollipop oh
sorry this is a cute little acorn I'm
sorry I breakfast platter an Oreo which
is really bad a cinnamon roll from
sanrio one of Hello Kitty's friends
she's so cute she has a little blushing
face snowman this um cotton candy
blueberry flavored cake and it's really
cute has little piece and the stuff on
the top is like black licorice kinda say
that um these are like three little
peanuts really cute they also have
textures you guys can notice that yeah
and this one is my one of my favorites
it's obviously like a cake and it has
these sprinkles and the inside is a
chocolate covered chocolate flavored
with vanilla cream so there's the piece
and it's like that i have three donuts
this one took this one looks weird this
marshmallow has chocolate in it like
chocolate flavored marshmallow or
Hershey kiss an assortment of cupcakes
in my favorite cupcake is this one
because it is different than the others
so cute and i also like this one it's
like a giant plump cupcake so cute these
fortune cookies this grape
scrapes sorry I'm sorry I just got a
text see these cookies and I did have a
milk a milk cup with it but I lost it a
strawberry these little Pacman two cups
of ramen noodle these this is supposed
to be a full watermelon although it's
smaller than that one and of course the
watermelon piece and this is an h2o
locket which I made from clay but I
haven't put the gemstone on it and I I
just painted it with silver paint and I
still need to UM put the chain and the
gemstone so yeah these lemon canes these
two cakes with little lemon toppings on
them they're really cute and they look
so yummy this life mushroom from Mario 3
ice pops this is like more of a
chocolate-covered marshmallow pop these
are like paw print molds but the bottom
paw print from this came off a poptart a
pair of cherries a choco a granola bar
the strawberry squiggle on it a pumpkin
a hamburger and it had matching french
fries but I lost it this little top like
kind of looks like a the top the top of
a little cupcake is really cute and I
think I I think that's it um so yeah
thanks for watching and please subscribe
bye